Magan: On Sundays and Mondays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sundays and Mondays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to review. If you want to attend a group I have 9am on a Monday and I have 1pm on a Monday.
Magan: Probably 1pm would probably be better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: And then on the day that you decided to go to group whenever that is we won't do individual therapy. Right. And then on the days that you're not we can maybe create individual therapy time on a Monday.
Magan: Yeah, or like I can still meet with you in the morning like this just long as I'm not mandated that call me problem that I have run into is getting Mandy and I always going to happen to work and they'll just say hey, Megan, you're mandated there's nobody answering their phones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think what's interesting is if we do it on a Monday. Then there's all these days of the week to make up to create time this weekend stuff is is not forever. This is sort of a rare thing for me.
Magan: Oh, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm saying. It gives you more of an opportunity, create time as a backup like okay well you know maybe it'll be on call or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean like I may have someone in they aren't able to show up. I could text you and hey, you're free. And it could work. It could do it a little bit free and loose.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're, you know, I hear you. I, I know that's a challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's just take it one week at a time. Let's see what what you get as far as your schedule.
Magan: All right. Well, one thing I did want to ask, okay, so I I was under the impression
Magan: Because of what I was told.
Magan: By right heart health admissions and but by Dr. Rob real I guess she told admissions. This may pass it along to me is that the minimum requirements is from me that she wanted was that I see her once a month, I go to group once a month, and I see you once a month.
Magan: Okay and and that's what I was advised and
Magan: So,
Magan: Well, and very bare minimum that
Magan: You're breaking up. Sorry. Can you hear me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is important. Megan. Take your time.
Magan: Go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you the connection scare me or no, no, I really can't hear you right now. So go inside get comfy. Let's get get you
Gwenevere Abriel: telling me what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to do and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know, let's let's not
Magan: Have okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to miss anything. You're saying
Magan: Cuz I'm, I'm sorry, I'm pulling up to the house. I'm almost there. I have like less than 40 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just pulling up a note, putting the right time on it, etc. So
No worries.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today is actually a treatment never knew we wanted to take a
Look,
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, there's a lot to do in a short amount of time.
Magan: Yeah.
Magan: Okay. All right. I am pulling into the driveway.
Magan: Sorry. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember something what you're describing
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look through the working group on January 20 so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What do you want to
Will say
Gwenevere Abriel: Worry
Magan: Let's see where it lands close to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be like February 24 if you wanted you could make that a group day and I could write a little note that that would be your group day
Magan: Yeah. Um, so I get paid. Again, I got, I get paid on the seventh and then I get paid again on the
Magan: I get paid on the seventh and I get paid again on the 21st. So 24th would be perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll go
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, do you want to do the one o'clock, three o'clock here. So Megan.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, is
Gwenevere Abriel: In a cave whatever's going on with medication, it's only going to be once a month, so
Magan: Okay, so that's the problem that I'm running into so I don't know why. Dr. Well first, Dr Arielle understandably, she was withholding my medication and only
Magan: Only giving me a prescription for every day. Well, first it was like every 10 days then it was like for three days and then it was every day because my urine. When I went to Presbyterian
Magan: They don't have any record of the lab that I did. So I was like, Oh, great. So I had to go back and I went back to the labs.
Magan: And to quest. This time I actually went to quest to make sure that I went to the correct lab place and I got a urine test on when I went to the lab place.
Magan: They said I asked them specifically, is there any blood work or is it just urine and they said, It's just you're in, and I had to pay $200 for a copay
Magan: And it was really, really expensive. And that's not even including the CO pays that I have for the doctor for
Magan: You and for group. So it's a lot of money. So I sent a message to Roger rail yesterday, asking her for a month prescription
Magan: And she responded with a red shoe. A month prescription. But if you miss another appointment, we're going back 10 days. And I'm also ready for 3.5
Magan: I which point I became very upset because, number one, she didn't even ask me how I felt about it. She didn't even ask me like, hey, Megan. How do you feel about tapering down she decided for me.
Magan: And I thought, you know, hey, don't I have to say in my own healthcare. Just, just wondering, okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You do and
Magan: When
Gwenevere Abriel: They're on January 20 did you find yourself making sure you communicate your goal around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So might be the challenge, right, because
Magan: Google
Magan: Have trouble sometimes. Right. Well, I hate group, as you know, but on January 20 I got like a spur of the moment sign in and I was already 30 minutes late for that class. If you remember,
Magan: Yeah, are logged in late because admissions asked me because I asked for a refill. And they were like, is there any way that you could log into group right now. And it wasn't my usual group time
Magan: So I logged into that group and I did what they asked me to do. But everything was really spur of the moment short handed notice and I wasn't prepared at all.
Magan: But I did get a prescription. After that, but only for a few days because Dr. Real wanted me to get we get my blood, urine test them.
Magan: So I did go do what she asked me to do. And I reminded her of that in the message like hey I did everything that you asked me to do. Why is it that you're using my medication that's like punishment.
Magan: And that's what it felt like it felt like she was using it as leverage to get me to do what she wants me to do and how she wants me to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That does make sense and let me know if you take this might be useful information. It is the only leverage that this abuse treatment program has
Magan: They don't have. I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they don't. But it's used. Let me, let me show you something. This might be helpful.
Magan: But I did everything that she asked me to do. And that's what I was upset.
Magan: Because I did everything that she asked me do you I've been attending therapy. I've been attending group. I've been attending appointments with her.
Magan: I went and did my bloodwork Presbyterian last. It has no track of it. So I had to go back and do a urine with quest lab and pay $200 copay for that I did absolutely everything she asked me to do.
Magan: And I still got treated that way. That's what I understand that's only leverage you guys have in order to make things happen for us and vice versa. It's
Magan: It's kind of like your own insurance and I totally get that, um, but what but what I was upset about is that I did everything I was supposed to do. And I still got that from her. And because I missed yesterday because I got Mandy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling like you're being treated differently than other clients. Is that what I'm hearing
Magan: No, it's not that I'm being treated differently. I don't feel that I don't know how other clients are being treated
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, well that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Something there's there's different stuff. There's how this feels right, it feels like punishment feels punitive and that's real. Right. You see, you're doing what you're supposed to do. And then there's this confusing punishment that's being experienced that, that's one piece.
Magan: Well, yeah. Because it felt like, where's this coming from because I did everything she asked, so if I did everything that she required of me.
Magan: And and I can't control I explained this to her when I started the program. I am a director my schedule is demanding and if I get mandated. I have no choice. I have to stay there or I lose my job. I can't just walk out on my job.
Magan: And that is literally the only thing that gets in my way, at any time, even when I'm really tired. I'll still log on with you, like when I'm exhausted and all I want to do sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know if this is going to help. So for some people just seeing it in writing already existing it can lift a little bit of the punitive nature. So, this is this is bright heart health portal, I, I don't know.
Magan: Whether you I've read this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They talked down here about
Gwenevere Abriel: non compliance. So let's say you don't do what your agreement has to do with attending individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you attend it you miss them. You do no show because you have this particular work environment, but the the no show still exists. The reason
Gwenevere Abriel: You might say is this immovable force, you might say, well, I'm not willing to lose my job in order to miss this. But it's still real there still is the event of a missed appointment is still occurring.
Magan: It's just you feel helpless to do anything about it.
Magan: Well yeah and and so I called well Venus messaged me and asked me if I could attend and I told her no. And so when I called my heart health disease because my medication. Instead, I did everything right. I didn't just like no call no show I explained I hey I can't, I can't go.
Magan: I tried to do everything the way that we're supposed to do it and
Magan: I get
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, remember this is your time. So let's, let's just my recommendation is first to look at this. So let's just look at this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is across the board, discuss the problem with the patient, reduce the prescription quantity to seven days or less, these are these are sort of how bright heart health can trying to bring people
Gwenevere Abriel: So that they're taking their medication as directed and talk therapy is medication as well. So that is a treatment that's recommended. So you've got this then increased frequency of drug screens. That's another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have this I have yet to be able to get a care navigator to do it. They count.
Gwenevere Abriel: The strokes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought so it's very close case management kind of task and I've never been able to accomplish that possible dose adjustment for opioid use. So I just wanted you to see it in writing. So maybe it could. I don't know, logically, a little bit of feeling quite as punitive so personal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Increase counseling sessions attendance at weekly support groups discontinued treatment. So your you know your your situation. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It asks for accommodation. It says, I don't want to be held accountable quite the same, because I have this particular requirement of my job, which is, I don't have a choice. I have to stay right
Magan: No, that wasn't that wasn't the reason. So when I came back into the program I they told me how we would be able to move forward and the one month.
Magan: Is what they told me and I've been actually doing more than that. I've been doing, but seeing you more than that.
Magan: I'm making sure that I'm seeing you more than that because I know that it's necessary. I know that it's needed, and I know I need it and I feel better when I do see you. But to say that I'm non compliant, it's not it's not completely accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the whole you got to just hold the space for this, had it not the ability for me today or another weekend to have created time, there would have been missed appointments and no ability to follow up that week. This is just
Gwenevere Abriel: The those, those are facts like typically I don't see people on weekends. So that's why I'm recommending that we have this bit of buffer throughout the week but just just this is really tricky. Megan, I don't like this space of being this compliance regulator here. It's really uncomfortable.
Magan: Against I think pumping for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it may get in the way a little bit. So, um, let's just bring it way down. And let's just let's just look at this for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this for some for some people, has registered for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can hold on to to just hearing what I'm saying for one human being to another, from one working woman to another, from one professional to another, right. Just hold on to that you didn't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't go there, don't let yourself go there and just see if you can hold on to your therapist earns her living by seeing clients. She couldn't earn her living for that hour
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. Just hold that for just 20 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were able to continue earning your living right I'm not pulling you away from work you you're continuing to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I i I'm I'm creating time for people that have their kids like the their their their kids arms get broken up into job. I mean, you know, I mean you get mandated. There are certain things in life. We're human.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we have we have lives we have complex unpredictable things that happen. We have to accommodate each other. We have to write. And that's what we're doing. And we've been doing. And I think it's been working
Gwenevere Abriel: I've, I've been able to say, Okay, this is a constraint with Megan's work life. She really likes this job. It's not going anywhere, she's fighting hard for it, she's going through huge efforts to
Gwenevere Abriel: To see herself in this new sort of empowered way and you're doing amazing things with your life right now. So it isn't just one thing. It's this context of all this progress that you're making right either. You're not just this. I didn't make it to therapy. It's not just that is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, much more than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people may get it is for some people it's really registering. It doesn't matter how this other human being. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, you know, work it out. Therapists work it out program that's your issue. You know what I'm saying. For some people, that is the case, but you're really good at communicating with me and letting me know, hey, I can't make it a mandated
Magan: Okay, well, it's not that it's not that I don't care about you not getting paid for an hour. I absolutely do care. And that does register with me. It absolutely does register with me.
Magan: But I care so much about everybody else all the time when when Dr. Gabriel spoke to me that way.
Magan: So she's are you
Magan: How
Magan: He taught me.
Magan: She actually taught like in in message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get an
Answer.
Magan: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, is that this text.
Magan: And typically, I would just say,
Magan: Okay, whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: And that's, and I'm not okay with that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. So is this the sum total of the. Is this like a copy paste thing, this thing is that, um, this one I will give you a month's worth. Is this her
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Magan: I can, I can read everything before that, too. I tried to screenshot it
Magan: To send to you. Exactly. So you. I don't know how much is sent to you, but
Magan: It was
Magan: Remember that
Gwenevere Abriel: Megan. This is your time. So let's go another level underneath content.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is an opportunity to sort of use this skill of
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going through her own storyline. She's not a therapist. She's not your therapist anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she has her own storyline. Okay. It does not have to affect what you do and you're fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: For your. I don't want to please Dr. Aubrey oh I want to maintain my own self. I want to stand up for what I think is right, you know, isn't that what you're doing, like you're saying that I don't just want to say yes. I don't want to say yes to something that's not my yes that which
Magan: Is that's that's what's going on and
Magan: She I just I need her to hear me, and she doesn't hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's the one that's the one right there. It's the need to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Which would you rather have this person. Okay, again,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not developing additional rapport with her. You don't really enjoy kind of hanging out and group and that whole dynamic between you two just never really got completely full circle there.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a temporary blip on your radar. She is not an intimate part of your life, but she does have power.
Magan: Yes.
Magan: It was powers Alderson
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is the theme someone with authority or you may have given away some of that power to this to whoever, whether it's, you know, someone at work or some person coworker or husband or a someone right and said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you've been using it for years. Yes. Okay. Your final well repress my needs, wants, and preferences, because you have this authority over me. Right. That's a big piece of the work that you and I are doing and you're playing it out in this classroom at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying to someone that has power over you know you're doing it. You're doing it here and bright heart right, cool. Um, I got you. I can kind of guess what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and we're talking about it right now and I'm so proud of you for coming here because you could have run away and said, Fuck it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't. And you're brave, for being here. Okay, really brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is her stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's her stuff and your part is
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding onto yourself in the presence of someone else's stuff even when it looks like they're threatening you know something comfortable for you some predictability some change and expectation. You keep holding on. You don't have to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's the predominant thought about who you are right now in what's going on with Dr. Ivan. What does this say about you. What do you believe about yourself right now.
Magan: Well, this is actually something I that came up in my head last night. It's really weird that you asked that because I'm like
Magan: This is an issue for me because
Magan: I noticed that I'm getting angry.
Magan: And letting up, but like, it's not just with Dr brielle it's with Sydney. It's with Andrew it's with every single person who Fox with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Magan: And it's anger and I was, I was thinking about last night, like why am I just automatically linked anger. Now instead of
Magan: The usual oh past passes walk all over me. I'll do whatever you want. Megan So I don't want to be one extreme, or the other.
Magan: I don't, I really don't. But
Magan: The only way that I ever learned how to defend myself where I can guarantee, someone will leave me the fuck alone is if I get angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she but notice this is leave me the fuck alone would be I'm walking off the job, leave me the fuck alone would be vibrate heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: That isn't actually what you want, what you want. I think is access to modulated something to modulate between Sia.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm protecting myself. You're, you still want this resource. She wants your job you want access to program, right, you still want access to it, but the skill you have the one you remember that was effective was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that mustering up of really sort of rage and anger and and this enough is enough. And
Magan: Yeah, and I went through that in my when I was 19 till I became a mommy. There was a really big stage. Well, not even 19 was a little bit younger actually 16 1516 till till I became a mom and it was when Scott was no longer touching me or doing things that he was doing to me.
Magan: I saw him once again when I was 19 and you know that's a whole different story, but
Magan: I was angry very, very angry and I'm just reminded of that again because
Magan: My anger really simmered down and it just
Magan: Turned into something else.
Magan: But during that period of time there was
Anger.
Magan: Every, every response, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Just check on timeline on that one more time anger was between when and when would you say 16 and
Magan: 16 and 21
Gwenevere Abriel: To 21
Magan: Or 16 and 2116 to 21
Gwenevere Abriel: There was anger.
Magan: There was anger is my formidable response. My first response was anger and violence. Actually, I got into a lot of fistfights I got into I got arrested I you know there was so many things that happened to me during that period of time, but I do remember anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in between there is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: This modulated assertiveness, which is not, it's not righteousness. It's not I'm right, they're wrong. I'm I have, I have to be the good one here, they have to be the villain and that being the opposite. Okay, now I can justify all of this stuff in, in sort of this
Gwenevere Abriel: World where there isn't toxic, you know, just catastrophic violence and abuse and all that you're creating just sort of this day to day you know in your work environment, yours is pretty yucky at work. I mean, they
Gwenevere Abriel: These large organizations can get pretty toxic. I gotta tell you, but, and you know that. But in general, it doesn't have to be quite that extreme.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do is is just going back maybe kind of putting on
Gwenevere Abriel: Today on this piece about sort of preparation for the SDR and sort of do a little bit around a sort of like finding a comfort level around assertive versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Right indignation right just feeling like how could you help. What is it, remember that one. How good is it me is this is following me. What is it about me that that people treat me like this. What is it, what is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's how do I hold on to myself, How do I, how does Megan, hold on to herself in her preference not take on the label of someone else's treatment. So we'll take Dr rails treating you in a particular way, or her reasons.
Gwenevere Abriel: You maintain yourself without having to go to anger, you just stick with what you want. You heard it a particular way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is the part that I want to hear from you. What is it about you. What do you believe in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gives you the ability to speak your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be heard. What's the belief about us, you know that you're capable of doing that.
Magan: I think the general belief is that I know that I deserve better. For myself, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, deserves a tricky word. I know it. I'm really focused on linguistics this morning but remember that words represent a lot of symbolism and they they can actually kind of get it though.
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was different want I want better deserve will will send you in a into the sort of righteousness and then and then you might have to say, well, who doesn't deserve better.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about you. Right.
Magan: Why are you so special.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so she so is he. So are we. But I want better so so let's just see, I want you to to envision right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does the way let's say you correspondent with Dr. Real. What does that say about your beliefs about yourself just slow way down and really think about that question.
Magan: Like, why did I feel the need to respond to her that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is very much about the belief about yourself. This is getting at a very core operating system here. So go nice and slow. If you want late you can lay it on me and describe what you think the belief about myself would be
Magan: No, no, I'm just trying to form it into words like what I'm trying to get to what you're wanting or what your ass. I'm trying to get the core of what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes to I
Magan: Want a light bulb will come on, as soon as I figure it out.
Magan: usually does. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a way. And what you can do is you can so picture just go nice and slow. So I'm going to give you a little structure, but first picture it picture the text. So you right you you weren't able to attend an appointment. Just walk it through.
Magan: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you're walking it through. Oh, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't decide right I have this this job and it pulled me in and then right you're reaching out, I'm assuming to right heart. Hey, I need my medication and you receive this message back
Gwenevere Abriel: And go into how you felt the emotion you felt
Magan: Well, unless
Magan: We all know the circumstances of everything, read the message back and you felt
Magan: I felt attacked
Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, hold on a little longer there for a second. I felt attacked so
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you feeling
Afraid.
Magan: I was not in any physical
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, you're working the therapy angle there. I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't gonna go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Procedure. There is a perceived
Magan: I think there was a form of fear there a form of fear isn't I'm not ready to taper. I'm not high
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold on. Don't go anywhere. Just hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, I am afraid, Dr. Gabrielle is asking me to taper and I'm not ready. What's the fear. I'm afraid of what
Magan: I'm afraid of pain afraid of pain.
Magan: The pain. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how you went from which is a typical phenomenon for people
Gwenevere Abriel: Being afraid is oftentimes intolerable. Right. And so you can find that energy can find that in the anger. So if instead. And actually, let's get to that piece in a second. I'd rather get to the to the I am first so you can see. She's attacking you register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably briefly some fear. I'm not ready. But that doesn't get said I'm not ready. That doesn't quite get said you went to arguing points.
Magan: About not
Gwenevere Abriel: Set up treatment. Right. You went to logic and trying to sort of make your point and be correct. And it's hard to sort of stay right in there and
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were afraid.
Magan: I think there was a full moon fair in there. Yeah, we did.
Gwenevere Abriel: It if I'm being attacked.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm perceiving danger the emotion is fear. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to that. Now, this is the part that's hard to get to. So, picture it there's this there's this right perceived threat out here, someone's going to take my medicine away at a rate. I'm not ready to look at this this pain. I'm afraid of the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's happening this this storylines happening out here, you're feeling this fear and what does it say about your belief in yourself. So hold on Hold up and try and finish the sentence. I am so picture it in picture Megan. She's afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the pain someone's trying to take it away from her. And so, Take Away this, medicine, trying to take it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief of value during this event.
Gwenevere Abriel: A belief about yourself and you'll know it through. I am. Take your time. It's a hard thing to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not afraid to use very often is, uh,
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like
Gwenevere Abriel: To be thinking about who you are. Instead of, I'm an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we want an AM I am something else, not what I'm not, I saw a picture it again. Just see see if there's any flexibility in that network. So here's this person. She's got her agenda, she may have her reasons they may, to some degree, remain unknown.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to come off.
Gwenevere Abriel: The buprenorphine at the rate. That's right, that that piece. I don't want to. I'm afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying to yourself, I'm an addict, but in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to believe about yourself.
Magan: I would like to believe that
Magan: I'm doing great. I've been
Magan: Dropped from 30 milligrams to four.
That's amazing.
Magan: I am
Magan: Anything from anybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, in the absence of meeting. So notice, I'm going to really focus on language. It's really important that we say it enough or I'm not in need of anybody anything else. So, in the absence of meeting the I am what I am. What
Magan: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's come up with some words about that are normal. Let's see if we can get even tighter on that one normal. Give me some adjectives for normal what are normal people do when people are running a story and it's annoying and irritating and they're just being a hose.
Magan: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we're working so hard at this
Magan: I am
Magan: calm, collected
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy. Okay, so hold on picture somebody who's calm, collected and happy and they run into someone whose power tripping and punishing them right there, they're leveraging their power over them.
Magan: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this normal calm, collected happy person. Think about themselves in that moment.
Magan: I'm good, I'm good.
Magan: I'm just gonna go ahead and walk away from this move on. I don't, I don't need anything from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's the one where relieved. Now you don't have the anger, but that's familiar for you. Remember you don't want to lose this resource. This
Magan: I'm going to one extreme, or the other.
Magan: Like I usually do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It like this. I'm good. But you that that's what you end up doing is you leave the resource. So in this scenario, the normal calm, collected
Gwenevere Abriel: Person that says, I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm if I believe about myself. I'm good. And I can still hear someone in their story. They're just like, Well, I'm going to do this and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to you're going to taper right and you're going to and you need to do this and they're they're leveraging their power. Right. And I can hear it. I know I'm good. I know I'm reasonable. I know I'm
Rational
Gwenevere Abriel: What else am I
Magan: Patient patient. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I have to stay and continue in this relationship with this resource be at work.
Magan: Or understanding. Understanding. Okay. Right.
Magan: I am
Magan: I have to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to need in order to stay and not walk away in this metaphor. And it's actually kind of real right
Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so if I am then see if you can finish it with I am
Magan: I am expected and respected. Okay.
Magan: I'm respect respected I'm heard. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am trying to corral you into in somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, get it yourself. You know, it's nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So let's, let's see if we can go the opposite. So an addict needs.
Magan: reshare
Magan: Needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other it needs this other stuff. And what the opposite is I'm assuming it's normal. That's the word you kind of came up with. Right. And I call it the authentic self. You're not the attics, that's right, running, you know, most people it's a it's a lie or kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a game in some way. It's not the real core truth. So if it's just you.
Magan: Addict because the addict is it doesn't matter if it's an orphan. It doesn't matter if it's
Magan: If it's even the need to be heard.
Magan: Of an addictive personality. So I'm I even get addicted to either be passive and accepting less or I get addicted to anger and responding and anger.
Magan: Because it's all that I know.
Magan: And so the addict.
Magan: Man.
Is the addict.
Magan: To find
Magan: whatever it needs to survive. Okay. And if
Magan: It doesn't have to find
Else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're left with you the authentic self.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have
Magan: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you left with
Gwenevere Abriel: In the face of the world going on about
Gwenevere Abriel: Its itself. Sometimes it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Good thing to be around. Sometimes, the world is unpleasant.
Magan: I'm vulnerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: As an
Magan: Even as the normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Magan: Want them. How can I be vulnerable. If I'm wrong, I get what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we are right, we are but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I can pay attention to what I want in this moment.
Magan: And the word I'm trying to be there for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's getting somewhere. There's a particular word I keep trying to coax you and trying to get you to, but you're not getting there, and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine this green line all the way back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine, and we'll play it out over here is I'm you.
Magan: And my
Magan: My new book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Myself in this text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I am here for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am capable
Gwenevere Abriel: I am here and capable of handling whatever happens, I can handle this, the addict doesn't believe
Gwenevere Abriel: It can, it has to have this medicine. And so there's, there is a perceived threat. You're going to take this away, but the authentic self knows at its core.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, at your core and we couldn't quite get there today there's features, right, if I'm capable, guess how I'm feeling patient
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess how I look calm, guess how I text chill. I'm assertive, because guess what my operating belief about myself as I'm able bodied, I can handle whatever I hear it is am
Magan: not feasible. Oh.
Magan: I didn't get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's okay we got pretty far you can see features of it you know person. There's some vague understanding a normal person might be calm, they might have been patient, they might have stayed happy, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what registered for you. Was that threat that drug might get taken away and right and so then there's all this anger. Don't right and we weren't even we didn't even get to say like in this text, it wasn't I I'm afraid I'm not ready taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was, you know, you guys said rap and you didn't keep, you know, we're, we didn't keep our commitment. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: embodying me because I'm here, I'm representing right heart health. I don't have much choice on that. So we didn't keep our part of the bargain which completely obfuscates the ability to even be talking about your fear that it's scary for you and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not suggesting a new way of having communicated with Dr. Real. I'm not trying to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: As we are at the top of the hour. I'm going to say that this stuff that you were doing right on this text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Safer in zoom. It's safer. It's respectful to you to respect the fact that this fear, it's it's it's every day for me, it's like, that's what I was going on for everybody. Everybody's afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is not like some big like of course. Yes. And we want to talk about it and be gentle and really make sure we've got what preparation, we get behind reinforcement of progress that you made.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we can get behind resources, but it is deserving of more time and attention then then what a text can do
Gwenevere Abriel: So coming all
Gwenevere Abriel: Three all the way back is if there is any kind of invitation for like a behavioral change, it would be if you want to, if you can catch it quick enough because it's hard to catch it. Because right anger will serve you and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so if but if you can catch it. If you catch a long text. Let's say we're trying to justify something you may say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't get it done in a text might say, I'd like to schedule a time to talk with you know you, Dr. A real are you and and whenever you're when would be a good time to talk about this misunderstanding right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to get, you're not going to get the same response.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're going to get from me, you're, you know, you're going to get story, you're going to get defensiveness, you're going to get stuff from this person, but this is kind of convenient in a way because
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the way work is to. That's the way a husband can be. That's the way like a family member, one that doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, making it about you that right that's what a therapist is supposed to be focused on you right not making it about about our stuff so
Gwenevere Abriel: That part could feel a little if if you can catch it soon enough. Hey, I'm really inclined to really explain what happened, but I'd like to meet in person to do it. I'd rather do it you know in in tele health on on conference.
Magan: You can read tone.
Magan: And facial expression and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: or is that wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, um, my, my, my wanting to protect you, is coming out right now so I'm what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I have, I have a lot of insight.
Magan: No, it's okay, I understand. I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of you, right, I can see that happening out here unfortunately or fortunately, so part of me wants to protect you and make sure that you as much as you can just invite me to be there.
Magan: If you can't quit. No, that's a good idea. That's a good idea. Because it's never really worked out petroleum Dr. Aubrey also perhaps it would be best to have a third person there to help mitigate feelings, emotions, respect all of it, everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I see myself as wanting to be there to remind you, you're enough right to get you there so that you can have access to the things you were able to talk about, well, this, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking. Yeah, this is really what's going on. For me, I want
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm afraid I'm afraid of tapering right now. Can we talk about how to do this a little slower kind of work with whenever you're around this or
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, let's just review again let's review again because it looks like we have a disconnect around appointments. Let's review them again. But Megan, you
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to do that. If you believe you're enough. You're not going to question your own memory. You did look memories not perfect, we're all kind of, it's just not it but
Gwenevere Abriel: We can all say, Okay, let's just, this one's let's just write it down. It's going to sit here in this treatment plan section. This is the frequency. This is how often hey is it in. We have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Program called pulse is it in there where it's only once a month, like let's make sure that there's actually you know the the records reflects this agreement, but if you if you stay in yourself and not leave you and not make it about
Gwenevere Abriel: Her hurting you. Her disrespecting if you stop that part. And you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I choose not to interpret that I just did. That's her
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about what you want. You want predictability you want. Here's the agreement, this is what I want. And yes, I'm am scared those events happening to and and maybe on the register on the radar is, you know, let's talk a little bit about what
Gwenevere Abriel: Tapering over the next six months or a year would look like. Even if it means it changes, but let's at least start to talk about it. That could be on the radar.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference, you're going to be able to do those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're not in perceived threat. I did end up going there tonight.
Magan: It's okay.
Magan: You're right, though, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm enough
Magan: Enough. I am enough
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I can speak my truth. I can do it without having to Puff it up to this big super right this anger rage level.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want is reasonable. This is reasonable.
Magan: And there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of practice because you right you've had these you're either doormat, or you're, you're, you're right. Throwing blows like it's these real large
Magan: Extreme honor the other. Yeah.
Magan: That's not healthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is this other way to be
Magan: And I want to be there. So, and
Magan: Next,
Magan: I get paid on the seven. Okay. Um, I don't know. I get off at seven and I'm hoping that I can meet you Friday morning because I get paid.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'll do is I have already got it written down in here.
Magan: Okay. Any right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, gotcha down today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may just put somebody there as a as an on call. Just in case you can't make it.
Magan: Okay. Okay, that's fair.
Magan: But I get paid that day so I really would like to end.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe right let this stuff get in there and and marinate and see what what you come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're not due until 24th for group. Now, do you have enough data to the 24th.
Magan: I don't know, I haven't gotten picked it up yet because it at the pharmacy was closed when everything was done. So I haven't. I don't know exactly what I got or
Magan: What it was, if it was changed or what, but I'll pick it up at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just touch base with me really calculate how many, how many days you have enough through and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just messaged the doc and I'll say this is this is the agreement it. Are you okay with it. You know, I could have her here, but I think she's probably sleeping. So, you know, are you okay with this. Can this be something we can all move forward on and we'll just take it from there.
Magan: Okay. If not, I can try to talk to right heart and see if I can come to
Magan: Wait, we have the 24th. Okay.
Magan: Okay. All right. Thank you. When
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm enough. I'm enough
Magan: I am enough
Magan: I am enough today.
My
Gwenevere Abriel: Friend Rhonda Rhonda, I see you. Do you see me.
Rhonda Towne: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at your house you
Rhonda Towne: At your house I yeah I'm at home. Hold on. Hey,
Rhonda Towne: Well, you can use my tablet. I'm using my tablets. I don't know why. Oh, video. There it is. There it is. Okay, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. Alright, cool. So let me open up a note here a little late started I had someone I saw earlier, and the whole just the day got got ahead of me and I'm so sorry I was late.
Rhonda Towne: So I kind of figured that and I thought I'd just let you I text you and let you know it was very helpful. So I knew you were there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I saw you trying to log in. I just needed to take some time to close it up. All right.
Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I know you were going to go see gynecologist tell me what the status is there.
Rhonda Towne: And it's basically a whole repeat what I had to do in Tempe ultrasound biopsy or to go inside and take like a chunk of a piece of your uterus to make sure you're not cancerous or anything like that. That's the part I'm dreading it hurts. But yeah.
Rhonda Towne: You guys yeah you bleed afterwards because they go in there and they take some of your, your, some parts of you inside like they yank it out. Yes. Yeah. So I'm like, Okay. But yeah, they're not. Um, yeah, I gotta do the ultrasound and then
Rhonda Towne: I guess go from there. I was just giving them my rundown. I gave them my doctor's records from Tempe, so
Rhonda Towne: Nice. Yeah, I was like I already went through all this. But I guess, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have liked him to have been able to use this other records. Maybe there's a time limit on how long they can reference a biopsy tissue or something, you know, I mean, like, maybe they
Rhonda Towne: Have things changed.
Rhonda Towne: I think
Rhonda Towne: Like five years ago or so, my back. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you could imagine that new tissue growth could happen and then there'd be a lot of change in five years, I would think.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, because the last time I cycled oh my god it was, it was pretty bad. It was really
Rhonda Towne: It was I hadn't cycle like that in a long time. It was like bloody bloody. It was just bad.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, that's what kind of freaked me out a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you tell the providers. Hey, listen, I, I, I just tend to bleed a lot when these interventions happen and are they listening to you when you tell people, these
Rhonda Towne: Yeah why. Yeah. That's why I asked them to make the appointment. Can you put me in like cancel somebody cancels, could you just put me in
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, um,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, that that's what happened that day. And so I have to my ultrasound is coming up two Saturdays from now.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Because those are usually my days off. So, yeah.
Rhonda Towne: I'm surprised they did on a Saturday. I was like, whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So two Saturdays from now. Let me just see something if today is the first, it would be the 15th like not next not next one, but the following would be
15th.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, it's the week after. Not this week is the 15th. Yeah. Okay so 215 ultrasound.
Rhonda Towne: Of course, they always do the ultrasound. They never tell you what they find but yeah
Rhonda Towne: At the wait for the doctor on that one.
Rhonda Towne: And then I had to do blood work just to make sure that I wasn't anemic, and all that but i i know i'm anemic. I mean,
Rhonda Towne: That's probably why my head's always hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just see what we got here we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: When you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are interacting with Randy when you're interacting with people at work. Are you noticing any increase in
Gwenevere Abriel: assertive communication needs, wants, preferences.
Rhonda Towne: Um, I had a few times, put my foot down, like when somebody asked me to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: At work, or with Randy.
Rhonda Towne: Work our
Rhonda Towne: Um, there's this girl there i don't know i. Her name is Bella, nobody really likes her, but just because she's real bossy, and I did not realize
Rhonda Towne: How bosses. She was that day until I worked with her and she would
Rhonda Towne: She wouldn't even ask. You know what I mean, like, can you do this or do this. She just she's just like go you can when you're down, go over there and make bags and I'm like, no, if you want us to get along. You're gonna that's what the you're gonna have to not tell me what to do.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, not telling me what little girl.
Rhonda Towne: And that's what she stopped. She stopped from then on, I think a lot of people know that about me as when once I put my foot down, they don't
Rhonda Towne: They stop because I'm not really. I mean, usually I'm pretty I do what I'm told. But other. Now, if somebody tells me, especially somebody young like that.
Rhonda Towne: Just like no
Gwenevere Abriel: She thing.
Rhonda Towne: I would say she's like 28 or something. I mean, yeah, we, we talked a few ties. But I mean, that doesn't give her the right to tell me what to do without, you know, asking, Is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Style. Can I hear how you said it one more time.
Rhonda Towne: I said if you want us. I was like, no, no. I said, No, no, no. If you want us to get along. Do not tell me what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you add a little girl part
Rhonda Towne: I think, I think I did. If I remember correctly, and from then on, she just
Rhonda Towne: She just stopped, she just didn't nothing. I didn't. I never heard anything from her good
Gwenevere Abriel: What about with Randy.
Gwenevere Abriel: About it home person you care about it can really change.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember the dog walking and things like that you were surprised to find out that you know he was doing it when you when you spoke with
Gwenevere Abriel: Him. He has not been coming up anymore.
Rhonda Towne: I didn't know lately. I mean, I talked to him, but I don't really ask him to do anything because he's always coming home late after me, or any leaves before me. So I don't really ask him for much the only thing that
Rhonda Towne: I asked him not to do was he likes those, those can chickens those, like, you know, like tuna to see, but their
Rhonda Towne: Chicken. I hate that. Now it's just stinks. Okay. And I told him one day, I was like, they could you not pour that down the sink the juice.
Rhonda Towne: And I think it makes it smell or something. I said afterwards. I usually have to put in lemon juice or something. But I'm always, I have to clean up after you and I really don't want to do that every day.
What did he say
Rhonda Towne: He's okay. I guess I'll just dump in the trash. And I'm like, well, if it leaks in the trash. Then you're cleaning the trash can.
Rhonda Towne: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what else then we came after that.
Rhonda Towne: I think he dumps it in a sandwich bag and make sure it's not. There's no holes in there or something, I don't know what he does, but I haven't seen it in the sink.
Rhonda Towne: Or I have it smelt in the trash can, I think, because he knows my nose is really sensitive. I can smell everything. And I'm like, it's not clean it freaks me out.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How unique that request for something that it's not hurting you. It's just a preference, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, only unique is that of you to be able to ask him to do something that you basically would prefer how unique is this
Rhonda Towne: I mean, it's a it's nice, in a way, I mean, I appreciate that.
Rhonda Towne: As if he asked me have anything. I usually do it you know little things like Babe, when he texted me. He'll be like, babe, can you call me and I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: Why can't you just call me instead of text me. I'm the one who has to call him, but I just like, Okay, fine, whatever maybe things I'm busy or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you flipped it right you see him being able to ask you to do things. You can see it this way.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that about yourself that you're able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask for what you want. Do you like that at all. You
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I feel more grown up this time in this relationship than I did in my marriage with the kids dead.
Rhonda Towne: Because it was it was a lot different with though, and I, I didn't really ask for anything. And it was always his way. It was always what he wanted.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can can kind of see why I emphasize this in your
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, because over years and years of not feeling like one has a right to to get their needs, wants, and preferences, it can build up over years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then here comes this escape idea now escape seems that much more appealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where hills can seem appealing. So the more you're in your life and you can see, day after day, I have a right to kind of just like everybody else does.
Gwenevere Abriel: To ask sometimes, the answer's no, that's true, but
Rhonda Towne: At least you
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing that you have the ability to speak your mind can really help in this long term recovery process.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, like I said a few times I've been surprised. I was like, and I didn't know who was asked. Nice. Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: And but yeah like at work that it has helped me so I was, I was really surprised that day when when she said that
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about this one I want more insight into tapering and the emotional part, tell me how you're putting the connection where you may have insight into
Gwenevere Abriel: Tapering my impact me emotionally here or sort of that that insight. Do you have any new insight into that.
Rhonda Towne: I don't know when when I was before I when I years ago when I did try to get off the meds.
Rhonda Towne: When I would try to taper or try to come off the meds. I know I would kind of just go in and depression phase, like I would just kind of feel down, like it was weird.
Rhonda Towne: I didn't know what time
Rhonda Towne: You know what I mean, that went hand in hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you also see that you did it abruptly right
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not doing that. Look how long this is taking now you've had a lot of medical condition come up so that Dr Arielle you can hear right you can you compare your tapering progress to other people in group. Do you see the PDF down and you maybe had long periods of time where it stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a pause so
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see that the treatment protocol is very individualized. And I think I heard you in group recently say you were interested in tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about your, your belief about whether you think you could do this a little differently this time, or maybe something about some confidence or tell me about your willingness to taper right now.
Rhonda Towne: I think just number one is just not always having to remember my meds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so are you saying my motivation is I don't want to have to remember my minutes
Rhonda Towne: I mean just that's the main one always having to worry about running out or something like always having to worry about Tuesday mornings and group or just yeah it's just always something. I mean, it's just, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting annoying.
Rhonda Towne: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And in a way that's kind of good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right. This isn't intended to be a forever thing. This is supposed to be right to mitigate withdrawal while you're slowly tapering down so that you can have your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your meeting it with regular
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's you're getting the right health care, you're exercising eating right, your relationships are improving. You have improved coping skills you're going out into the world and maybe you need ibuprofen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you need Tylenol. God forbid something happened. You have to go to an emergency room, you're going to have access to being able to use pain medicine, just like everybody else's
Gwenevere Abriel: A little different because now you need to be mindful and communicate with a doctor, I do have this history of chemical dependence. I need as little of this pain medicine prescribed to me as possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right, is difference that's probably going to be with you right forever. Like, that's part of your history.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I know. That's, yeah. Yeah, I know when I talked to some friends of mine that are on the Suboxone program, they do. There's here in town. And I asked them if they do therapy or anything like that. And they always say no.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, and there are the same dose that for years, three a day. And I'm like, Are you ever going to go down. Are you ever gonna stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a unique program Rhonda.
Gwenevere Abriel: The philosophy around medicated assisted therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes from a methadone model, which was kind of forever, right, they, what they did is they took the buprenorphine and they kind of paralleled it to to methadone and that's originally I think how programs were approaching it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know to what degree my influence has had on on how things are done here, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to be a drug dealer.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I right i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want to do is help people add self confidence. I want people to add
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication skills. I want them to reconnect with their passion. I want people to
Gwenevere Abriel: To discover that they can emotionally self regulate with right the the breathing with mindfulness practices. Maybe people get re engaged to to their spiritual beliefs, whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want people to have things added to their life as they start to taper down. They're increasing their self confidence that they can do their life without a mood altering substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: That they yeah they you can meet your pain.
Rhonda Towne: Without
Gwenevere Abriel: This catastrophic terrifying thing. I won't be able to handle my pain or, you know, I won't be able to you or this this belief that it'll be this horrible withdrawal experience. It's not. It's going to be incremental. So you're right. This is a unique program. It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, most people I would say that I'm treating I may have one person.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're tapering just may not be a possibility, even though this person keeps trying to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, like we're pushing back to stay on it, versus the other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty wire rare client, but I hear you. So you're irritated with the inconvenience and that seems to be motivating you I want to taper.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's great. I think it's great. So in a way, the 7am the inconvenience of this stupid group right dog on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is motivating.
Rhonda Towne: That, I think, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're going to get to see you can do it. So, so far, tell me about the last straw. What, how are you feeling you went down. Was it a whole milligram
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. Well, I didn't have my meds from Monday night to Thursday. Remember
Rhonda Towne: Me and I was feeling really oh my god I'm starting to feel crappy like the yawning eyes are watery a hadn't gotten the jitters yet. Thank God. But I was just starting to get the little things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I don't understand. You know, you missed i think i think you missed a group. But why, why not go into virtual clinic or get on the phone with the 800 number and and say um can I be bridge to another appointment so that you would have medicine between or did you do that.
Rhonda Towne: Thank you that I talked to Paul or somebody and they said they call
Rhonda Towne: Doc, Dr. Don and I never I kept checking Walgreens, and nothing
Rhonda Towne: Okay, I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: You call once
Rhonda Towne: And that was because of my stinking you a I've been waiting for my you a cup. Nothing came here and then the girl that we checked in at virtual clinic was always threatening me every time that if I hadn't done my UAE she wouldn't let me in. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. They sound a little bit like separate issues just this one though maybe what was needed. So you didn't have monday through thursday was another call like. In other words, this is without assertive part might have been necessary well
Rhonda Towne: He said he'd call me back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was waiting on that. But he didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get
Rhonda Towne: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well then right then you decided I got to deal with the misery for a few days. But you did have a choice. You could have, like, hey, hey, hey. No, this is no joke. My doctor doesn't want me without medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand. I may need to be bridged because I missed Tuesday, but please. I need, I need something to get me through to my next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can we do here and then proactive. You have a right to do that, it fell through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your case fell through the cracks. It landed here, it doesn't. I don't know, because I can't see. I don't know that it made it all the way to dr up real because I would think she would have written something for you.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just didn't want to bother her. I figured a letter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that
Gwenevere Abriel: That, that means that you've now had a negative experience withdrawal and you may have in your head. It's going to be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not. I don't want you to be without medicine. I mean, it would be convenient for you, if you, you know, go to the schedule appointment, but you still have a right to push
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to worry about her being upset irritated annoying. That's her problem, yours is to make sure that you get bridge to the next appointment. You could write say hey you know I'm going to try to schedule something with when or hey, when's the next group they do offer
Gwenevere Abriel: There are other evening groups in sort of a pinch. Okay. You could do that so
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I asked him if there are other groups that Tuesday or something that Tuesday. And he said, No, I don't think there is. And I said, Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday. There's, I don't have any but other people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but notice how your reasoning was I didn't want to irritate I didn't want to inconvenience Dr out real. That sounds like it's not the core of it. She's, she's an adult, she can take care of herself, you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: He calling keep making clear hey I need medication to get me to my next service and when can I that next service be don't put yourself through that again.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just, I was just like, knowledge, so I guess I'll wait till Thursday. So I just left alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a really long time.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: I just kept myself busy with work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the reality is, what, how many milligrams, are you taking a day.
Rhonda Towne: And I'm doing to 13 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that for two days. Friday and
And today. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Rhonda Towne: I had
Rhonda Towne: A whole milligram from the Tuesday, the ones I didn't get so yeah
Friday and today. Sorry. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I'm sure that feel a lot better because you're gone days without it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so 13. See if you can hang on to that dose so that you can sort of have that and be your new normal than pick up maybe a taper in a week or two, if you're ready.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, okay.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just, I was just waiting. I was like, Okay, I'll just wait but
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see, that's, that's what we were talking about earlier. That's about asserting your needs and your want
Rhonda Towne: I wasn't even thinking I was just like, maybe I'll just, I'll just wait. I was more curious.
Rhonda Towne: Because I have. I haven't taper. I haven't been I haven't withdrawn pumps a box and yeah and I was more curious like what am I going to start feeling and the part that scared me again. The most was the jittery part I think that does that for a lot of people
Rhonda Towne: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: One day you stop taking it, you realize how kind of irrational. That is no one says stop taking it for days. Nobody goes 13 milligrams and cold turkey is it that's a painful thing to do.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were curious about that that self sabotage. What I would add one milligram at a time, please. Yes, people in here, Miss groups sleep in don't want to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they get called into work or a kid gets hurt and they have to go to urgent care or you get sick and you have to life happens. I get that. But stay
Gwenevere Abriel: In it for yourself, reach out and say, this happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: My bad. What's Next please. Bridge me from here to here, I will call back two or three more times until my pharmacy has it plenty of people are doing that rotted so I'm really sort of getting very animated right now to let you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people are doing this. You have a right to do the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't put yourself in those days and cold turkey doing it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I would just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for that Ron if you wanted to cold turkey. You don't need you don't need us for that.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I don't know. I'm so miserable. Oh my god. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then don't put yourself through that again.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any way that you can just throwing it out there. Tell your job, I need this other schedule and then attend a 9am Monday or a 1pm Monday or Thursday 11am or Friday 12pm can you push the schedule issue so that it meets your needs a little bit differently.
Rhonda Towne: Right at 12pm
Yes.
Rhonda Towne: Um, I was. It was so weird. I was getting three days off per week, which was fine with me. And now I got my schedule and
Rhonda Towne: I only have two days off, but those days I'm working. Oh my god, it's just it's horrible. It's one mile
Gwenevere Abriel: Run it. This money is not to keep a roof over your head. So what I don't understand is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a job that was thrown in your lap it made sense for you to pay down these medical bills which a big part of them, they're not they're not your medical bills but you're going to put yourself through this torture for what
Rhonda Towne: I that's the one thing I don't understand. Um,
Rhonda Towne: I told my boss. Brandi that I wanted a part time schedule.
Rhonda Towne: Oh, great. She does it for a week or two and then she forgets. And then she puts it back on full schedule. And then I have to tell her. Again, I'm supposed to be on a part time schedule.
Rhonda Towne: And again,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so what Rhonda. She's not someone who is going to respect that. What if it means
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you're worth it. What if it turns out your time is so important that your recovery is so important to getting this done, getting done with this poll treatment thing right is so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you keep going to her and you go to her each week, even though the schedule hasn't come out. Hey, Sarah. Just a little reminder on keep me on a part time schedule. Nothing's changed there. Okay. Have a good weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, just a reminder, Santa. You see, it's not mean I'm doing it proactively I'm saying, hey, just keep me there.
Rhonda Towne: Are times. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it but you put yourself at the bottom.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just
Rhonda Towne: I didn't know I was
Rhonda Towne: I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO MY NEXT kettle just so depressing.
Rhonda Towne: So I guess I I'm I know I'm gonna have to go back and tell her again.
Rhonda Towne: I don't know how many times. I'm going to tell her she sees me almost every day.
Rhonda Towne: I be
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't seem to either she can't or she won't. So you say you're the invitation here is this job is either worth it. It's helping them I've paid down these huge bills are coming down. They have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the cost right is lower than the benefit, but the cost is you're going to have to keep reminding this little lady every week. So what it's inconvenient, but it might mean that you have time for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're important, your time is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confrontation for most people is so uncomfortable that they put themselves. They'll but you might be doing it now sacrificing yourself because confrontation is so unpleasant. Is that what's happening.
Rhonda Towne: I think again in the back of my mind, that's what I'm going through. I mean, I don't want to deal with it. Just because I don't
Rhonda Towne: Mature majority time. I don't want to hear it, like, she'll come up with some excuse, like, oh, what's your name left or this person's calling in, or like even this past the last week.
Rhonda Towne: My days off this yesterday. Yeah, yesterday she kept see me to come in and I'm like, No, my kids have dental appointment I that's why I put it on the schedule that I was off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Rhonda. Notice that you'll do it for your children that's not that's not uncommon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice you can set that boundary for your children, but you won't do it. Watch. There's no difference. Let's say you decide Friday. Friday. No, that's my time. Watch. If that was your kids medical appointment, you wouldn't have budget.
Rhonda Towne: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put yourself as an equal at least okay your appointments or chest is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have an appointment I SO IT'S SARAH. It's I've already set my week up this way, Sarah. It sounds like you'll have to reach out to other people to solve this scheduling issue. I'm going to stick with our agreement. This one, this is working for me. You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's her. She's The Boss. That's for her to work it out. She, she she doesn't understand
Gwenevere Abriel: And honestly, Rhonda. What's the worst thing that can happen if you end up losing this job because you can't take it anymore. Or she says, Well, fine. If you can't work full time, then you need to go really you don't think you could get this one landed in your lap.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you know you could go get another another J. O. B. Of course you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that, though, or is that just me.
Rhonda Towne: I just, um, I think.
Rhonda Towne: I just went through the hassle of thinking, I don't want to look for another job and just that's just what's all going through my mind to that same time like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's just talk about whether you even need it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, but I if I stay home and do nothing. I mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you wouldn't you be going to school, you'd be doing, you'd be going back to school.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, and then I'd be like, I would just have a little more time on my hands and then you start to wonder, like, I don't know. I don't think that's good. That's why I tried to keep my keep myself busy all this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rhonda, you're missing out on some things. And that has to do with you learning. See how you're still sort of scared to be alone and bored.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm getting
Gwenevere Abriel: These years of working together. I don't know that you have built that because, again, you've been on such high doses. We don't see each other regularly, you're missing out on learned opportunities that you can do your life you are enough
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't know that she won't test it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so guess what this life where you're left alone to your own devices continues to be a threat to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's scary. And now, guess what, now you're not going to assert yourself with your job. You're going to stay in a job where you're just like up and now watch what happened. So I'm not going to be assertive and now I have days I'm going without my Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you, you might even eventually say bravehearts not working for me. I mean, it could get that bad. It's all connected.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you supposed to look at a life with with let's say if you decide down the line to be completely off of the buprenorphine. How can you look to the future and say to yourself, Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I've been able to do it. I am down to three milligrams two milligrams one milligram. And you know what I've had five hours where I'm sitting here by myself and I didn't even think about pills. I was sewing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got into this other hobby. I was registered for class I was doing some reading. I was enjoying my own company. I've worked through
Gwenevere Abriel: Trauma I've worked through things but you and I have not done a lot of work that we could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: My fear is
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't make these changes. Now as you taper down. I think you might scare yourself.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I think that may happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're already saying to me, I don't want to be left alone with myself, aren't you, isn't that what you're telling me.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I don't know what that much turns on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do it in smaller doses, you work right part time and we test it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will Rhonda sleep in, or will she get up and do some selling. Will she go to volunteer work will she registered for a class will she read books that prepare her for whatever well she take that time to follow up with medical appointments. What will she do
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, she meet with me on a regular basis and start to do some work that may be underlying what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are literally taking your best interest to do
Rhonda Towne: Because I know that
Rhonda Towne: Well, my days off or mostly I only do is sleep mean my dogs because the other days is just work.
Rhonda Towne: That's all I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't sound like a happy life is that happy.
Rhonda Towne: No, I die, I mean I have to basically have to cut my sleeping time and have to go spend time with my kids. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You literally have a goal here it says live a full life are you taking strides to doing that.
Rhonda Towne: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we're right where we started. We gotta get into it. We got to make some substantial this this boss, you've got she doesn't love you. You don't love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's paying your bills, she's not the one that's going to be there through thick and thin your family is you are going to be there for you. That's where the investment needs to go right
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I think I I'm gonna have to tell her that
Rhonda Towne: Either probably bad gotten a part time or I'm gone, I'm I can't look. Look what you said, look,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you said on on January 10 we were talking about Randy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was I, if I told him I want to go back to school, he will say, yeah, go back to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want the crap off of us want to go back to school and not worry about it. And I'm assuming that's medical debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, how much do you have left.
Rhonda Towne: I haven't counted it up yet altogether. I just been paying what was on the fridge. I have to look at it, to get the exact number.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like to actually look at it and and just kind of say, am I worth it is my recovery worth it is my being healthy and available for my kids. What about life satisfaction for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have this you can be in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're in a different kind of relationship where you're starting to assert yourself. You're still in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I can meet regularly. We could be kind of working even more on sort of resolving underlying sort of the impact of your trauma history going back to school. Why don't we find out if you can do it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can, you're amazing at managing your time. You're really good at it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I'm gonna have to find out, financially, what is going to cause
Gwenevere Abriel: And take in information Rhonda.
Gwenevere Abriel: When Randy if Randy says to you, you don't need to be working, we're fine. Let it in. Do you see what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let it in and I'm not, I have no idea. I'm not in your life. I it with the real. I have no idea what's what the facts are. Sometimes we do have kind of have to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you have to work full time do you have to sacrifice.
A life worth living.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I, I would have to think about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And talk with him.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I'm gonna have to do that.
Rhonda Towne: I'm
Rhonda Towne: I don't know. I know he's going through some things with his dad his step mom too. So yeah, I've had to tell him.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I be support. How can I help you through this journey.
Rhonda Towne: I think it's just a matter of him. I'm waiting for him to say something.
Rhonda Towne: He hasn't really
Rhonda Towne: Because the other day, I asked him, I was like, Well, I'm here. If you ever want to talk and he's just not ready right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You would like that to when you're ready to talk to you. You've got this nice pace, where you don't want to be pushed either. So you've been there and when he if he wants to talk, you can talk
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, so that's what I told him. And he said, Yeah, I'm just not ready right now just it's just
Rhonda Towne: Whatever, he's going through
Rhonda Towne: He hasn't told me anything yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what do you want to do about your group schedule. What do you want to do. What do you suggest
Rhonda Towne: I think that's the only one that I know I can make as a
Rhonda Towne: 7am
Rhonda Towne: Something else. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you can make it on February 4
Rhonda Towne: The four
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Tuesday.
Rhonda Towne: After well I usually do my groups every two weeks. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you didn't make it this week. So why don't we do, why don't we started back on routine February 11
Rhonda Towne: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so attend that one right. Get back on on track without one will schedule individual therapy. Once you're in group that day.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, let me put in my calendar.
Rhonda Towne: Group that 7am yeah
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. Okay, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And aeration to looking at this budget in this debt you have any
Gwenevere Abriel: clue what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important you keep forgetting about that this life can't just be about waking up grinding it out and not having a fulfilled life.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just
Rhonda Towne: I didn't. It was fun. When I first started working there. Now it's just like
Rhonda Towne: Constant. Constant going
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be fun. Again, if it was part time
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, that's what I want. It was just
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be no job, or maybe you're real clear with this woman right. Nice. You can say it in a nice polite way and it could be you continue to bring this debt down, you're going
Gwenevere Abriel: On a part time job, but it might mean that you have to remind her because she is who she is. It might be the Jeff to keep reminding her. But if you've already
Gwenevere Abriel: Fact that you may end up losing this job, then there's no downside. If you've already faced it and said, bad be inconvenient, but I've got it do what I got to have some life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right work life balance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it, give it a consideration i mean it's it's a big decision, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You just start seeming like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's balance.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I know. I don't balance it out. I just I just dread it sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it possible that you might end up walking office job because it's so yucky.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I thought about it a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, so if you've already looked at that, then there's no downside. You might as well ask for part time because you've already faced the worst thing which is not having the job. So you might as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say hey let's let's just ask for what you want. So what if you lose job you've already faced it in your mind.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's, she's just look that's her problem to work out the fact that people quit. That's a bosses problem that's not your problem. You've already said this is what you're capable of doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your schedule already talked with her. I mean, she didn't say, okay, well then you can't work here. If you can't work full time. She didn't say that to you. Correct.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there you go. That's it.
Rhonda Towne: I know I just I just always think, how many times I had to remind her that I'm part time I'm and I've been doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assume every week and all this. You're putting yourself through service every week. Look at me. How many times do I have to review with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's your appointment or I do this and this. If I had in my mind I shouldn't have to do it. I would get myself for us. I've learned. This is just this is the reality of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he her limitations don't notice right this is should be this way. Now, this woman. It's convenient for her that you'll just go ahead and you'll suck it up and you'll take these days it's convenient for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about your life.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just
Rhonda Towne: I know you don't like the confrontation. Believe me, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a lot for you to even ask about the stinky chicken can
Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: easier it'll get easier. This is a low low level threat. This is not someone you love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is a job you are a smart, capable woman, you could get a job somewhere else. Worst case.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're recording
Gwenevere Abriel: Your recovery in jeopardy. I don't want you missing. Missing you know groups and missing medication and
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you've heard you've heard my, my best effort to try and encourage you to speak your truth. So let's see how it goes.
Rhonda Towne: Oh, I'm Dr. Aubrey out bridge me just from there. I say, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pulling up the slack database. Now let me messaged her
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got Rhonda attended
Gwenevere Abriel: You're good. You should be good through February 11th. I mean, I don't make that decision. I just send a message, but that's my guess.
Rhonda Towne: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Be good to you.
All right, bye.